Track 03.10
Anna: What do you want, John?
John: A sandwich.
What sandwiches do they have?
Anna: They have cheese.
John: Oh, I never eat cheese.
I don’t like it.
Anna: Really? Do you like eggs?
John: Oh yes. I like eggs.
Anna: And tomatoes?
John: Yes, I eat a lot of tomatoes.
Anna: OK.
They have egg and tomato sandwiches.
I like those.
John: Great.
So, two egg and tomato sandwiches.
Anna: Do they have any cake?
John: Yes, they have chocolate cake or apple pie with ice cream.
Anna: Well, I don’t eat a lot of chocolate,
but I like chocolate cake.
John: Me too. And to drink?
Tea or coffee? I usually drink tea.
Anna: I don’t like hot drinks.
Do they have fruit juice?
John: Yes, apple juice or orange juice.
Anna: Oh, apple juice.
I always have orange juice for breakfast.
John: OK. Excuse me ...